Neutron DAO <-> DAO DAO diff (#42)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/neutron/dao.md

   contract.

The Security subDAO implements a modified version of the single-choice proposal that only allows to send *pause()*
messages to smart contracts.

## Neutron DAO and DAO-DAO differences

> **Note:** We forked DAO-DAO contracts from commit [9e496379a1c1e89e00133865c9a1041dfdb20612](https://github.com/DA0-DA0/dao-contracts/tree/9e496379a1c1e89e00133865c9a1041dfdb20612)

### DAO Core Contract
1. Admin functionality is removed (`ExecuteMsg::ExecuteAdminMsgs`, `ExecuteMsg::NominateAdmin`, `ExecuteMsg::AcceptAdminNomination`,

> `ExecuteMsg::WithdrawAdminNomination` messages are removed and all the corresponding handlers);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ExecuteMsg::WithdrawAdminNomination` messages are removed with all the corresponding handlers);
```

2. Some config fields are removed (`image_url`, `automatically_add_cw20s`, `automatically_add_cw721s`);
3. We use [Voting Registry Contract](/neutron/dao#voting-power-registry) instead of Voting Module Contract;
4. Vanilla `Response` is replaced with `Response<NeutronMsg>`;
5. CW20 and CW721 handlers are removed (`ExecuteMsg::Receive`, `ExecuteMsg::ReceiveNft`, `ExecuteMsg::UpdateCw20List`,

> `ExecuteMsg::UpdateCw721List` msg are removed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ExecuteMsg::UpdateCw721List` messages are removed).
```

### Pre-Propose Contracts (Single and Multiple)
1. `CosmosMsg<Empty>` is replaced with `CosmosMsg<NeutronMsg>`;
2. `ExecuteMsg::Extension` is removed;

> 3. Couple of changes in dependency versions.

Reviewer: I am not sure if it is okay to write like that. Maybe we could clarify the most notable changes?

> **Note:** **Pre-Propose Single Overrule Contract** is a completely new contract!

### Proposal Single Contract

> 1. Couple of changes in dependency versions;

Reviewer: And here as well

2. `CosmosMsg<Empty>` is replaced with `CosmosMsg<NeutronMsg>`;

> 3. `only_members_execute` field is removed from `Config` (and all the corresponding checks of the field);

Reviewer: I don't like how "corresponding checks of the field" sounds. Maybe we should write something like this?

```suggestion
3. `only_members_execute` field is removed from `Config` with all the corresponding logic;
```

4. [`IsActive`](https://github.com/DA0-DA0/dao-contracts/blob/9e496379a1c1e89e00133865c9a1041dfdb20612/contracts/proposal/cwd-proposal-single/src/contract.rs#L173) query to a voting module is removed;
5. Migration logic from `V1` is removed;

### Proposal Multiple Contract

> 1. Couple of changes in dependency versions.

Reviewer: Again, maybe we could specify the most notable changes.

### Voting contracts

1. **cwd-voting-cw20-staked**, **cwd-voting-cw4**, **cwd-voting-cw721-staked**, **cwd-voting-native-staked**,
**cwd-voting-staking-denom-staked** source codes are completely removed from our DAO repo, 
but we use vanilla **CW4 Group** and **CW4 Voting** precompiled contract binaries in our DAO system.
2. We've developed two completely new contracts: [Voting Registry Contract](/neutron/dao#voting-power-registry)
and [Bonding Vault Contract](/neutron/dao#neutron-bonding-vault).

### SubDao contracts

> Generally speaking all **SubDao** contracts has the same functionality and diff as **DAO Core** contracts except:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally speaking, all **SubDao** contracts have the same functionality and diff as **DAO Core** contracts except:
```

Also I personally don't understand exactly what "having the same diff" could mean

Reviewer: > Also I personally don't understand exactly what "having the same diff" could mean

the question still remains in place

> * [Pausing logic](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/blob/448c7c91e85ccd02d13fdaf7cddb66f04abf8ca9/contracts/subdaos/cwd-subdao-core/src/contract.rs#L128) - **SubDAO** contract can be paused by **Core DAO** contract or special by **Security SubDAO** contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Pausing logic](https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/blob/448c7c91e85ccd02d13fdaf7cddb66f04abf8ca9/contracts/subdaos/cwd-subdao-core/src/contract.rs#L128) - **SubDAO** contract can be paused by **Core DAO** contract or by special **Security SubDAO** contract.
```
